[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Many of you have heard
of the entity named Bashar.
This channeled
extraterrestrial is incredibly
popular with terrestrials
because of his lusty sense
of humor and directness.
Less is known, however, of the
person through which he speaks.
In 1973, Daryl Anka
witnessed UFOs at close range
on two occasions.
Knowing that this was not an
earthly craft or experience,
he became curious about UFOs
and about paranormal phenomena.
Through his research, Daryl
learned of channeling.
After experiencing
a telepathic message
from an ET who called
himself Bashar,
he realized that
Bashar's ship was the one
he'd seen 10 years earlier.
The rest is history as he
opened his connection up
to the public for
question after question.
As Bashar's wisdom has
become more widely known
and respected, Daryl
has become in demand.
But we were lucky enough to
have a few moments with him
at a recent conference.
I'm so glad we finally got
a chance to meet, Daryl.
Of course, I've seen you,
and through you, Bashar loads
and loads through the years.
But I've wanted to talk with
you, Daryl, because this--
let's just talk
about right now how
it's coming through you to
the best of your memory--
I know you've seen the tapes--
is impacting your own journey
and also what the implications
are for the newest
information coming
through for the rest of us.
>> Well, the information that's
been coming through me from
Bashar for 28 years has
certainly made a difference
in my life emotionally.
It's made me understand
why it's important to act
on one's excitement.
And that's really,
at this point,
what I attempt to do in
my life and nothing else.
Because as Bashar
has explained it,
excitement is the
physical translation
of the frequency of energy
that represents our true self.
And the whole idea, I
guess, of us being here
is to be who we are
to the best we can.
So certainly, I've
learned that lesson,
and I'm always
learning that lesson,
always discovering more
about following my excitement
and how important that is.
I think that's also probably
one of the most important things
that Bashar is talking
about for everyone else
as well because that's
really his primary point.
It is to be who we truly
are, to be true to ourselves.
And he is giving us information
to help us figure out what
that means and how to do that.
And here we are at the
new the Conscious Living
expo, where we have
every kind of vendor,
every kind of message under
the sun, under this roof.
Yet, the thing that appeals
to me about what Bashar says
is what you just mentioned, that
really if we go to that place
inside that is truly
excited or delighted
and those feelings
are coming forth,
that's a communication from
us coming through, isn't it?
>> Absolutely, I mean, I
think the thing that I really
appreciate the most about
Bashar's information or his
style of delivery is he's really
good at grounding metaphysical
concepts into very physical,
tangible techniques and tools
and just, for example, the whole
idea that he explains exactly
what excitement is and why
it's important to follow it
physically to get
a certain result.
He just doesn't leave it up
in the air as a nice saying.
He really grounds it in.
This is what you do.
This is why it works.
So, yes, I think that the
thing he's trying to do
is give us a toolkit so we
don't always necessarily
have to go running
to someone else,
that we know we have the ability
to tap into the information we
need from our own higher
selves, and Bashar
is acting as an example of
what it's like to communicate
with our own higher selves.
In fact, he's
actually directly said
that when we're
talking with him he's
sort of tricking us
because he's allowing
himself to be used as a mask.
But when people are receiving
information from him
they're actually speaking
to their own higher selves,
and he's training them to get
used to what that feels like,
what that sounds like, so they
know they always have access
to the answers and
the information
that they need to
live their lives.
>> So is he then in
communication with the higher
aspect of that person as
they're answering the question
and essentially reflecting back
their own information to them?
>> That's exactly
what he's doing.
>> Yeah, it makes sense.
>> So he's you used
to that frequency.
And that way when you're
not in his presence,
you can still know
that if you just
remember what that
felt like you'll
be back in exactly
the same vibration
and can get that information.
>> Yeah, the feeling
your way back,
throughout my
25-30 year journey,
it's always feeling
your way back into it.
It's hard to remember, hard
to even put pictures up.
It's not the same.
>> Well, different people
are wired differently.
So it's like however
you need to get back
to that state that
represents the ability
to access that information
or your ideal state, whatever
path works for you,
basically, is OK.
Some of us feel our way back.
Some of us can imagine
or picture our way back.
But whatever it takes
to get you there,
that's the important thing.
>> Yeah, as long as there's
a click at the other end.
>> Let's talk about the
difference between excitement,
as in mania, versus what
he's talking about in terms
of feeling and excitement.
>> Yeah, I mean, excitement
can be physically jumping up
and down.
But it doesn't have to be.
Even a state of balanced peace
can be a state of excitement.
It's really being
centered and balanced
is what he's talking
about and being in a flow.
He's talking about
that idea of when
you do something you
love to do and you
don't notice the passage of
time that's that state that he's
talking about.
When you're being your true
self, it's that state of flow.
It's the state of letting
everything, allowing everything
to work instead of trying
to make everything work.
And we all do it.
We all have the ability
to get into that state.
And as he sometimes
uses, for example,
when an actor becomes
the character, when
a singer is lost in the song,
that's a channeling state.
That's that state of excitement.
That's being present,
totally present
and just letting the
creativity flow through you
without thinking
your way through it.
We all have the ability to
do that in some way, shape,
or form.
>> And he's saying it's critical
we do this for ourselves,
but particularly now, why?
>> This is, in his view,
the age of transformation.
This is the timing when we chose
to have lives where we learn
to change the dark
to the light, where
that's the kind of world
we say we want to have.
So now it's kind of
time to walk the talk
and actually put it out
there in our own lives
and act as examples
of what it means
to live the life you prefer
to live and to create
the world we prefer to create.
So this is the very
time accelerated energy
is available to us.
Now that we have these
ideas, now that we're
talking about these things,
now that it's common language
to talk about such
things as altered states
of consciousness,
expansion of consciousness,
now's the time to put all
that to work in a sense.
>> I heard that one of the
last questions asked today,
which you may or
may not remember,
was someone was asking about
something having to do with
the future human.
And they were talking
about into the future.
And Bashar was
talking about how he
has very similar hybridized-DNA
to us, the human species,
but represents more what
would be happening 1,000
years into the future, where
we are becoming less physical,
where we are not eating
food and drinking water.
And what have you learned
through these channelings
about some of the development
we'll need to go through?
I mean we're here now.
I get the feeling, feeling
our way into who we are.
But between here
and there, what have
you seen as some of
the stages because we
have all different kinds
of humans incarnating now.
Some are kind of moving
that direction already.
>> Well, yeah, and this is
the beginning of that kind
of evolution or transformation.
And I think it's just
basically a continuation
and an acceleration of that.
As Bashar says, positive
energy is integrative
and exponentially accelerative.
So even though it may have
taken us 50 or a 100,000 years
to get where we are, it's not
going to take us that long
to get where they are.
Because once we
accelerate together,
all that momentum creates
a geometric progression
that allows more and more and
more of that kind of reality
to happen.
So the more we
live in the moment,
in a sense, the less
time we need to change.
>> Right.
And here even at
this conference,
you're hearing about a
lot of different kinds
of extraterrestrial
stories, lots.
Some of them are more along
the lines of fear generated.
And what does he have
to say to us about that?
Because we're so
conflicted and confused
over accepting the presence
of extraterrestrials.
>> Yeah, I mean,
that's a big subject.
Obviously, there's a lot of
different ways to address it.
But he usually chooses to
address it on a personal level.
In other words, no matter
what's going on around you,
if you stay in the vibrational
state of your preference, that
will color how whatever
happens affects you personally
in your life.
So if you stay in a positive
state, a loving state
and give that off, no matter
what anyone else's intention
toward you may be,
the only effect
that that interaction
will have in your life
will be a positive one.
He has said that,
for the most part,
most of those interactions
are generally positive
and, for a positive
reason ultimately,
aiding and assisting us
with our own evolution.
But nevertheless,
it still comes down
to how you choose to experience
it based on your own vibration.
>> What does he say about the
notion of the whole what people
call abductee experience which
is taking on many flavors now,
good, bad, and indifferent?
>> The short story--
and I understand there's
many nuances and many ways
that different people
experience this--
but the short story
is it is something
that we have agreed
to do on some level
and that we are participating
in a larger program that
is aiding and
assisting our evolution
as well as aiding and assisting
the evolution of those beings
as well because
Bashar is actually
one of the results of the
hybridization that seems to be
going on in those experiences.
And so in a sense, we're
getting the benefit
of that hybridization
program that we're
participating in and helping
to create those hybrid beings.
They're coming back to us and
helping pull us up the ladder,
so to speak, because in a
sense they're our descendants.
And they're treating
us as their ancestors.
They're treating us as family.
And they want to help us
understand the big picture
that we're a part of and
that they're a part of so
that we start seeing
ourselves more
as a part of a kind
of a galactic family
instead of being so isolated.
>> I interviewed
someone recently,
and they were talking about
their experience and over time
have learned to kind of
assimilate it on a different
level.
They've met with
their own children
on the other side, vast array
of experiments, some gone wrong,
some are perfect, but the point
being when they did present her
with this one child that
was pretty intact human
but with a higher intelligence,
compassionate heart,
I was seeing this woman
will be incarnating back
into that line.
So the DNA has to be
part of the continuum.
>> It is.
And it's not like--
I mean, we're talking
about the possibility
also of many different
lines of extraterrestrials.
You know, what's going on with
the Greys is only one thing.
And as Bashar has
explained it, they're
not even really
extraterrestrials.
He has explained,
his view of what
that certain
faction of Greys are
is they're actually
mutated humans
from a parallel earth who
have destroyed their world
and have now realized
that the only thing they
can do to save themselves
is take viable human DNA
from our reality to
create a hybrid species
so their civilization
will continue.
But out of that, we get the
help of the hybrid species
to help us make sure we
don't do the same things they
did to their earth.
So it's a very interesting story
that's very, very connected
in a lot of ways.
>> And then you see
more the human--
well as you say, humanoid types
of ETs, which I assume Bashar
is one.
>> Yes.
>> And a lot of times people
are in fear thinking but I
don't want to end
up like a Grey.
I mean this is just
human fear and emotions.
>> I don't think that
they necessarily have to.
But again it's all
about choices that
are made on different
level and the trusting
that whatever the result of
those choices are somehow
benefits us.
>> I didn't mean to
say that flippantly,
but they're are people
afraid of that very thing.
>> Oh, absolutely.
And I'm not saying that
the Greys are flawless.
I mean, again, there are
different levels of species
all over the place, and they may
have their things to work out.
And it may require that we teach
them some things as well as
them teaching us some things.
>> Does Bashar say this
is reciprocal at all?
Or is he mostly--
is it a one-way broadcast?
Is he learning anything
by observing us?
>> He is always learning
by observing us.
I mean, it's one
of the reasons why
they call us the
masters of limitation
as an affectionate sort
of a nickname for us.
It is because in
their world they
don't get to experience the kind
of things we experience here
because they don't have
the same kinds of focus,
the same kinds of limitations.
So in a way, they're saying
rather than think of us
as a kindergarten, they see us
as a master graduating class
because we're strong enough to
actually come here and place
upon ourselves,
impose on ourselves,
the vast amount of
limitations that we do
and still find our
way to the light.
So they really see us
as master teachers,
and they're learning a lot.
Because they're saying
basically if we can do it,
anyone can do it.
So we act as an example
to other civilizations who
may be having problems, maybe
not quite as difficult as we
are, and they point
us out to them
and say look what they
were able to transform.
Well, if they can transform
that degree of limitation,
yours should be a snap.
>> Yeah, because that duality
is something that doesn't seem
to happen everywhere, this
dual nature of the human being.
>> Not the same
experience of it.
I think there is
duality, but I don't
think that other places
experience the choices
of duality that we make.
>> And the pure amnesia of not
understanding what we truly
are.
>> Sure.
I think more children
nowadays though are,
because of this new age, being
born with more memory of who
they are.
They're not forgetting as much.
And that's part
of the change too.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let us begin with
the idea of creating
a scenario in your imagination.
Most of you with regard to
any endeavor that you choose
to do, with regard to anything
you may prefer to do in life,
will in your imagination
conjure up an image,
a picture, a scenario.
Now, as we have said, and as
we will remind you once again
right now, any image that your
physical mind can conjure up
may not necessarily be as
fully representative of the way
something can manifest, but
it will function as a symbol,
as a place holder,
as a representation
of the manifestation
of the ideal scenario.
Recognizing that
your higher mind is
far more capable of knowing
how something will happen,
how something will manifest
and your physical mind is not
capable of knowing
how that will happen,
the idea is to
recognize and to use
the limitation of the physical
mind to your advantage.
Using the limitation
to your advantage
means that when your
physical mind conjures up
an image, or a
representation, or a symbol
of your ideal scenario
toward any given intention
you may have in life, it means
that you do not necessarily
have to limit
yourself to the image
that your imagination, your
physical mind's imagination,
is capable of creating.
You can rely on your higher
mind to create for itself
a higher version
representation, a higher version
image, a higher
version symbol that it
will use to attract to you all
the different synchronicities,
all the different opportunities,
all the different circumstances
and situations required
for the highest
form of that representation,
the highest vibration
of that representation.
And thus, you don't
have to work so
hard at insisting and
focusing on the idea
that the image you have
in your physical mind
must exactly and precisely
come to fruition.
Now, it might.
It might be that
sometimes from time
to time, the higher
mind and physical mind
will recognize that according to
the synchronicity in your life,
the image that you have
in your physical mind
may be for that moment the
most ideal representation,
the most appropriate, the
most relevant representation
of that manifestation
of your intention.
But very often, and
more often than not,
your higher mind is quite
capable of bringing to you
a version of what you intend, a
version of your ideal scenario,
that may even be much
greater than what
you were capable of imagining
with your physical mind.
And thus, it will
benefit you to not
insist that the picture your
mind is capable of conjuring
be the only way that that
ideal reality can occur,
can manifest, can
come to fruition.
To be able to relax
your insistence
on that picture being
the only representation
will benefit you and
allow your higher mind
to do its job while your
physical mind does its job so
that you can work
together in harmony
and concert between the
physical and higher mind, which,
when you do that,
allows you to function
in your physical reality
as a whole person.
If you only use
your physical mind,
you're not functioning
as a whole person.
In order to function
as a whole person,
you must allow the
higher mind to be
part of the conversation,
part of the manifestation,
because it is uniquely
designed to see much farther
than the physical mind can see.
The analogy we
have often used is
that the physical
mind is in the valley,
and the higher mind
is on the mountaintop.
So it can see much farther
than the physical mind can
below in the valley and
can guide you and tell you
which way to turn.
Even though to the
physical mind it
may seem that when the higher
mind says turn left, turn
right, go straight, it may
make no sense according
to what the physical
mind can see,
to what the physical mind
intends, relying and trusting
in the higher mind's
ability to see farther
than the physical mind
will allow you to find out,
will allow you to
discover, will allow
you to experience
that even though it
may seem to be
twisting and turning,
it will actually be the
quickest path to your intention
to what you desire.
Because it knows, it knows
what that path really is
and what you need
on that path and how
you can incorporate
what you discover on
that path into a greater
appreciation for the scenario
when it manifests, giving you
all the tools you need along
the way to more fully appreciate
and use the scenario when it
manifests, gathering
as you go what
you need for that experience.
That's why it's so important
to allow yourself to recognize
that whatever is happening
is part of your excitement
and not an obstacle to it or
not an interruption of it.
Now, the idea also
of this scenario
that your physical mind
paints a picture of
is primarily, as we have said,
for the purpose of instilling
a state of being within you,
a particular energy vibration
within you.
Because that state
of being is what's
representative of the
manifestation of that scenario.
It is not the image that's
representative necessarily.
It's the state of being
that goes along with it.
It's when you see that
picture of your ideal scenario
and you living that ideal
scenario of your intention.
It's the feeling that goes
with it of excitement.
It's the feeling of
certitude that goes with it.
It's the feeling of knowing
that that's who you are
and knowing that that's an
actual reality experience.
That is what is key.
And it is that vibrational
state that the picture
is designed to attract
you into, to magnetize you
to that vibrational
state represented
by that symbolic picture.
Because when you're
in that state,
then you open up the
conduit of your imagination
and synchronicity sufficiently
to allow the higher
mind to then, in a sense,
download to you the way
in which the scenario
really needs to happen,
the form it really needs to
take to be representative
of that state of being that the
physical picture has allowed
you to find yourself
to resonate with.
That's what it's for.
So relaxing your insistence
that the image must be exactly
as you picture it will open you
up to many more possibilities
and probabilities about how the
actual scenario could manifest.
And as often we have said,
what to the physical mind
may seem to be the ceiling is to
the higher mind just the floor.
And you are not capable
with the physical mind
of imagining all the ways the
higher mind can actually bring
you what it is you desire.
So be open.
Let all the doors remain open.
It might manifest exactly
as you've seen it,
but it might not.
And joy, joy, joy,
and excitement to you
if you get the unexpected.
Allow the unexpected to come.
Be open to the unexpected.
For you will then
allow the higher mind
to constantly gift you with
surprise, after surprise,
after surprise,
And you will start to
understand that in functioning
as a whole person using
the symbol in the way
we have just described that you
can create a magical reality
where manifestations occur
left and right with no effort
whatsoever.
And your life will become
an ecstatic explosion
of synchronicity.
And it will build and build and
build and build and continue
to expand and grow in that way.
>> If you'd like to delve
deeper into Bashar's wisdom
and viewpoints, you can go to
bashar.org You'll find loads
of short videos on YouTube,
but you can also become
a subscriber for the
full-length content.
With the speed at which
change is occurring right now,
we need every
perspective we can get.
Until next time, thanks
for watching CMN.